Document the tasks' inputs and outputs (#775)
MicroEJ/docs: SDK6UserGuide/moduleNatures.rst

**Description**: Executes the Addon Processors.

**Inputs**:

> - The project source directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The project directory
```
"source" seems to refer to the "src" folder.

.. _sdk6_module_natures.tasks.loadVeePort:

loadVeePort
^^^^^^^^^^^

**Description**: Loads the VEE Port.

**Inputs**:

- The path of the VEE Port dropins directory

> - The project which can contain a VEE Port dependency

Reviewer: The input is a list of files or folders of VEE Port.

Author: Exact, done

**Description**: Loads the configuration for the Application to execute.

**Inputs**:

> - The VEE Port

Reviewer: Should be "the extracted VEE Port folder", no ? (same for other occurrences)

Author: Done.

- The project classpath which contains the MicroEJ dependent application classes and resources
- The Full Qualified Name of the Application main class

> - The folder containing the application configuration (``configuration``)

Reviewer: The debug mode and port, and the system properties, are also inputs.

Author: Done.

buildExecutable
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**Description**: Builds the Executable of an Application.

**Inputs**:

- The VEE Port
- The configuration file with all the properties set to launch the build of the Executable (``build/properties/target.properties``)
- The project build classpath

**Outputs**:

> - The directory in which the Executable file and the build files have been generated (``build/executable/application``)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The directory in which the Executable file and the build files are generated (``build/executable/application``)
```

> - The Zip file containing the build files generated during the build of the Executable (``build/executable/buildFiles.zip``)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Zip file containing the generated build files (``build/executable/buildFiles.zip``)
```

**Description**: Builds the WPK of the Application.

**Inputs**:

- The Application name
- The Application version
- The Full Qualified Name of the Application main class
- The Application JAR file
- The Application Javadoc

> - The Application classpath

Reviewer: Its is actually the jars files of the application classpath.

Author: Done.

buildVirtualDevice
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**Inputs**:

- The VEE Port
- The WPK of the Application
- The project build classpath
- The WPK of the Applications that must be pre-installed in the Virtual Device

> - The default tools that must be embedded in the Virtual Device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Libraries that must be embedded in the Virtual Device
```
I think it should not be set as input actually, it is an internal implementation detail. If you are ok, can you create a ticket to remove it please?

Author: I removed it, It is not an input, it is already annotated with `@internal ` in the plugin https://gitlab.cross/M0090_IDE/M0090_Gradle/-/blob/develop/plugins/src/main/java/com/microej/gradle/tasks/BuildVirtualDeviceTask.java#L77

**Description**: Loads the Kernel Executable file.

**Inputs**:

- The path of the Kernel dropins directory

> - The project which can contain a Kernel dependency

Reviewer: It is not a project here.

Author: Yes, I changed the inputs to "The list of Kernel Executable files"

**Description**: Loads the configuration to build the Feature file of an Application.

**Inputs**:

- The Kernel Virtual Device 

> - The folder in which the Kernel Executable file is copied (``build/kernelExecutable``)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The folder containing the Kernel Executable file (``build/kernelExecutable``)
```

**Description**: Build the Feature file of an Application.

**Inputs**:

- The Kernel Virtual Device 

> - The folder in which the Kernel Executable file is copied (``build/kernelExecutable``)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The folder containing the Kernel Executable file (``build/kernelExecutable``)
```

**Description**: Runs the Executable on a Device.

**Inputs**:

- The VEE Port

> - The directory in which the Executable file has been generated (``build/executable/application``)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The folder containing the Executable file (``build/executable/application``)
```
